Week 1 
We formed the group. The scrum master (Yush) created the Jira account and organised our meeting on teams.
We split the user stories up and we each have aims to finish them before our meeting on Monday.

Week 2
We had a meeting on Monday on Teams, where we discussed User stories and planned what language/tools we will use for the assignment (PHP,Bootstrap,MySQL).
During our meeting we started to discuss the proposal and we split it up, so i have been assigned Technical depth- Storyboards/Prototyping. 
We are confused on what is meant by Storyboard - we will ask Rachid our tutor.
On Wednesday i finished uploading my user stories (Movie page & Film search) and their corresponding acceptance criteria to Jira.
We also organised the user stories into different sprints. 
We joined the github classroom on Wednesday.

Week 3
We had a meeting on Tuesday, where we each person went over what they have done so far for the proposal, and we also split up the reviewing of the proposal.
We aim to finish majority of the proposal by Friday, so the weekend can be used for formatting and adding the finishing touches.
I still need to add the novel ideas to both my section of the proposal (storyboard and flowchart) and I need to review over the user stories 
section of the proposal once that has been completed.
In the tutorial we need to ask the tutor how many novel ideas is recommended, so far we have come up with a few ideas as a team.

week 4
sprint has begun - For this sprint I will be working mainly on the Movie Page and the search result page. We are also thinking about buying a domain and host instead of relying on XAMPP since it does not have real time change for all the team members. 

week 5 
We met on Monday and we decided to all pitch in and pay for a web host so we all have access to any changes made. We also got the domain 'filmfinity.me' for free
using the education pack. I have finished the movie page and the search result.

week 6
Quiet week

week 7 
Started to fix the Movie page- added a comment section, star rating, movie description and movie recommendation. I am testing different designs for the site,
I think we might go for a dark looking website, the only thing we have to be careful with if we are going with a dark theme is that since browsers always defult
to black text then we need to make sure our css always makes sure out text is visible. Also started working on the search page.

week 8
I still feel like there is more work to be done design wise for the Movie and search page. Aniket has connected both those pages to the backend so now we have the reviews section working.We are presenting this week again.

