Week 1

Group was formed. We had a discussion about what project we will choose. We ended up chooseing FilmFinder. We also scheduled a meeting to do the assignment on Week 2 Monday at 2PM. We also did a quick brainstorm of the rough functionalities we wanted our project to have.

Week 2

We met at 2PM on Monday. We discussed and wrote down as a group all the user stories we wanted and sorted these user stories into sprints. We also allocated the tasks were required to do in the report.

Week 3

We met at 4:30PM on Tuesday to discuss our proposal work. We had all mostly completed most of our tasks. Thus, we reviewed the entire document as a whole and ironed out any big problematic issues. We then assigned each other a section of the proposal to peer review so we could peer review our own project document. I was assigeed Aayushma's Background section. I peer reviewed her section on Thursday. Xuan peer reviewed the Technical section which I wrote on Thursday too. Xuan peer reviewed my section and left comments where I could improve. I then applied those changes to the document on Thursday as well.

Week 4

We met on Thursday in the tutorial and discussed our first sprint more in-depth. We set some deadlines for when we wanted what card on jira to be finished as we needed to link some functionalities together. We also set a time to meet next week on Monday at 4:30pm. I also created a fairly finished database schema and started the code for the backend authenication functionality.
On sunday I completely finished my part of Sprint 1, which was to create the backend for authenication which included logging in and registering new accounts.

Week 5

We had a meeting on Monday to throughly check up on everything in sprint 1 and purchased a web hosting so we could all work on the website at the same time. On Tuesday we had to switch web hosting as we didn't have the right requirements. On Wednesday I coded the backend for the movie page, the search function, the login and registering.

Week 6

Added functionality to review posting. Users were now able to post reviews with comments and a rating.

Week 7

Added editors picks. I added a way an admin could put a movie in their editors list. I also took this time to add functionality for watch lists. Users could now create a watch list, add movies to a watch list, delete movies from a watch list and delete the watch list itself.

Week 8

Realised there was a missing attribute to the movie page, casts. Therefore I added casts to the movie page. I also took this time to completely change the way we add movies and restructure the database. We now had seperate tables for each little component of the movie.

Week 9

Added functionality to the quiz. I also figured out how to calculate the average score of movies in pure SQL when someone has been banned. I also added sort functionality to the search.

Week 10

Fixed up some backend bugs such as review comments being shown to the user even though they banned them. Showing the incorrect wishlist to the user. I also added comments to the missing backend function/
