WEEK 1

Group formed during tutorial. Yush is the scrum master of the group. The group only has 4 members at the moment, hopeful my group will get extra 1 more member next week.

FilmFinder is selected after a majority vote. Group name has not finalised yet.

Ani created Jira and invited all members to join in. The plan for this week is to work on analysing the project and come up with user stories. MY part is to analyse and write user story for wishlist and banned list.

On Monday week 2, we will meet again and go through all our work on the user story to make some changes if necessary and also to finalise user story.


WEEK 2

During meeting we went through our user stories and make some changes. We also add epic story to group our user story. 

Finalise group name which is FilmFinity. We decided to do backend using PHP, mySQL; front-end will be developed through bootstrap as Ani recommend that way we don’t have to do lot of work in designing a website and also the platform is also portable in terms of desktop and mobile version.

Ani created GitHub project for our group.

Sprint is created. The project has 6 sprints in total with each sprint lasts for 7 days as we though 14 days is a bit long for flexibility for any changes/feedback. 

I also finished working on acceptance criteria for user story (my part). The plan for this week is to finish up acceptance criteria for all user stories before Friday so we can discuss with tutor. 

We also start structuring our proposal and assign tasks. I will do User stories & Sprints part in the proposal. 

WEEK 3

During the meeting, we went through what we have done so far. Aayus has almost finished background research and writing, however, she concerned about executive summary and competitor analysis; not to sure what to put for these parts, particularly competitor analysis. I went through user stories and novel functionality. I told the group that I have made some changes to the previous user stories and add some more in Jira to satisfy objectives. We also discussion on user story 20, 21,23 and 36 because those are quite vague. We also discussed over novel functionality and confirmed with advanced movie recommendation, informative homepage and playlist feature. We also came up with the achievements system as a novel functionality but this may need to be more discussion during tutorial because we don't want to overload. Ani went through his part about the platform architecture which has 3 layers namely front end, business layer and database layer. The programming languages and frameworks we are going to use for this project. We also identified that our platform will mainly has 3 type of actors which are visitor, user and admin. Sarah talked though her work on storyboards and the flow chart.

For further work of this week, I will finish up the new user stories (acceptance criteria) and new novel functionality. Aayus will re-create the sprints because we changed from 7 days sprints to 14 days sprint so that the sprint can end of our demo day. Sarah will update her storyboards because we have added some novel functionality feature to the platform. Ani will start working on the front end to buy us some time. 

We will also do a peer review after this week tutorial and finish up our proposal by Sunday.

WEEK 4
We found out that our sprint plan is not align with the demo on week 5, therefore we only have a week to do the sprint. The goal of this week is to finish the homepage, movie page and the backend functions associated with those pages. I'm responsible for doing the navigation pane, login and register page. The navigation pane also has the search box which I have to do as well. 
During the meeting, I showed the team my work on the homepage but I didn't use bootstrap4 to do it. Anikeet suggested I should do boostrap4 so that we can avoid the error and mess up later on as we develop more pages. I considered that and started over again using bootstrap4.

Also we got our website hosted online and we use FileZilla to upload our work directly to the server so that we can all the see each other work easily.

Week 5
After the demo, we decided to redesign our font-end because it's really not good enough and not meet our expectation. Also sprint 2 will start on Friday this week as well. Therefore, we concerned that we may not finish all user stories in sprint 2 if we redesign our font-end. Therefore, we will focus on doing the homepage epic story first because the majority of work in sprint 2 also related to homepage epic story. We try to take the advantage of the quite week 6 to catch up on what we missed out in sprint 1 and redesign our font-end. 
This time, Aayush and I will be working together on the homepage, I will work on the header and footer; when I finish it I will help Aayush to work on the body of the homepage. Sarah will continue to work on the move's page and Anikeet will keep working on the back-end (forget password function).

Week 7
Continue to work on the homepage. I think the navigation and the footer are done for now. Now we (Aayushma and I) should focus on the content of the homepage. 
I have done the filter parts (Movie, Directors and Actors) for the homepage, but it's was just static. We want to make it dynamic and be able to connect to backend. I think I have to work out a bit on how I think it may connect to backend, and leaving comments there for Anikeet.

Week 8
I move to work on the profile page, watchlist, banlits and wishlist for our website. Majority parts of those pages are done. What left to do is the create watchlist page.

I replaced the logout button by an icon that represent the user when he/she has logged in. The icon is a dropdown where I put the link to the user's profile page, lists. 

I looked at Jira and what left to do now is the quiz and the movie chart which I'm going to do (quiz first).

Week 9

I've been working on the quiz page and also made some changes on the profile page. I added a ban this user button and unban user button to the user's profile page. Also fix the dimension of the login icon.
